Update game-over message (#1)
kathiefitz/skills-pull-requests: README.md

</header>

<!--

>   <<< Author notes: Step 5 >>>
>   Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
>   Define terms and link to docs.github.com.

Author: ```suggestion
  <<< Author notes: Step 5 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Link to [Doctopia Guide](https://doctopia.esri.com/builds/arcdoc-guide/main/en/get-started/authoring-guide.html).
```

</header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 4 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
-->

## Step 4: Suggest changes

_Nice work reviewing that pull request :sparkles:_

Now that you have explored the different ways you can review a pull request it is time to learn how to use _suggest changes_.

**What is _suggest changes_?**: This feature enables you to recommend a change to a pull request that the author can commit with the push of a button.

### :keyboard: Activity: Suggest changes

1. On the pull request, click **Files changed**.
1. Find the `index.html` changes.
1. Hover your cursor next to the line numbers on the left side of the page.
1. Click the blue plus icon.
1. After the comment form appears, click the **Add a suggestion** button. <br>
   ![add-a-suggestion-button](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/97056108/184449714-61e8ee51-824a-48c1-9436-2dfd67f2c070.png)
1. Edit the suggestion.

> 1. Click **Add a single comment**.

Author: Remove bold formatting.
